We know why it tastes so good.
Yeah.
Hi.
Appley, Cinnamon, Apple Jax is part of this complete breakfast.
You can't explain its great taste, so I try.
Come on, Mom, it just does.
Yeah.
Tell us, Apple Jax.
We just get it.
Yeah.
Submitted for your approval, Louis Galloway, 13 years old,
he said he was ready for the ultimate video challenge.
But there's something new behind those doors,
and there's no turning back when you enter the video
zone.
New games, new nemesis, new menaces,
encountered from inside the game.
It's a new reality in a new time-space
coordinate, Nickelodeon's Ozone, the ultimate video
challenge.
Nick Arcade is now in the Ozone, weekdays at five,
four central on Nickelodeon.
I am hungry.
So hunger, hunger, hungry.
A wrapping rhino?
Well, my name is DJ Rhino.
I've been looking left and right for a cereal
that won't bore me, but there isn't one inside.
Well, don't use your eyes.
Just follow your nose to a fruit flavor
surprise, Kellogg's Fruit Loop Cereal.
B-b-fruit loops?
Orange.
Lemon.
Cherry and lime.
Part of a complete breakfast, that really makes them fine.
I thought a colorful breakfast.
Another fruit loop plan.
Man, I got great taste.
Like me, two can salmon.
Yo, salmon.
Totally fresh.
He's not like other babies.
Tommy Pickles makes the girls go gaga
on Rugrats every Sunday at 10.30, 9.30
central on Nickelodeon.
A new stuff on Nick.
We got tunes, a place to snick.
Plus the wildest games, animal sports,
brand-new episodes, brand-new shows, brand-new.
So don't be the last to find out.
The first kid's network's got great new stuff.
A mad scientist built a giant vacuum cleaner
to steal Apple Cinnamon Cheerios.
On guard, as always, were Apple and Cinnamon.
The crooks are always after Apple Cinnamon Cheerios
for its delicious apple sprinkles.
No, seed brain.
It's the cinnamon sprinkles they're after.
I won, plug it.
Apple Cinnamon Cheerios was again part of this balanced breakfast.
It's delicious.
And cinnamon credible.
Snick is coming.
Snick cannot be stopped.
Snick will be here Saturday night.
Snick.
So what's Snick?
Snick is Nick's new turf.
Your turf.
Saturday night.
It's a prime-time lineup for you.
New episodes, new shows, hosts, contests,
and a big orange couch.
And that's where you snick.
So snick every Saturday night on Nickelodeon.
Hey, what are you guys doing?
Get lost, Frankie.
You eating Kellogg's apple jacks?
Duh.
But it doesn't taste like apples.
So?
And you like it?
Duh.
Why?
We just do, okay?
Apple Cinnamon Apple Jacks is part of this complete breakfast.
You can't explain its great taste, so why try?
Kellogg's apple jacks.
We just get it.
All right.
Frankie, you like apple jacks?
Duh.
Snick's here.
It's Snick'n Out.
Saturday night.
We're gonna snick.
And you can snick.
It's time to snick.
Now.
Why is it that sometimes you have to lose something
before you even remember it exists?
Take these earrings.
I have a one-knit for years, but now that I've discovered one of them is missing,
they're the only earrings I want.
And here's the sacred former home of the hippie hop books.
Hoppy hip-hop's his way through my teasing years.
The one I discovered, Johnny Depp, he just smoldered on the shelf.
Then Mom donated Hoppy to the Children's Museum Library, and suddenly I missed Hoppy.
Why is it always the things you think will stick around forever that you miss the most
when they're gone?
Like, can who's the boss really be off the air for good?
All I know is I better keep track of the stuff I care about
before I lose another earring or book or nose.
You've got to be a friend.
You've got to be somewhere.
I know.
I'll just pretend I don't even care about the stupid earring.
They'll find it right.
Earring, did you hear that?
Hi, Clarissa.
What's wrong?
Wrong?
Who said anything's wrong?
Everything's great.
Really great.
Absolutely.
Totally.
Couldn't be greater.
Man, what's bothering you?
Well, did you know that you're missing an earring?
I'm not missing it.
It's missing me.
Wait a second.
My missing earring is bothering you?
My mom's coming into town with the roller derby.
Wow.
When's the last time you've seen her?
Well, I've talked to her a bunch, but I haven't really seen her since she did a
mental spring cleaning and became dangerous Debbie.
The roller derby queen?
Ex-roller derby queen.
Tomorrow will be your last derby before she hangs up her wheels.
She's leaving the rink for good?
She thinks it'll be better for me if we don't have to live on the road.
Right.
Wait a second.
What do you mean wait?
Well, I'm supposed to go live with my mom.
Your mom's moving back here?
Not exactly here.
Exactly where then?
Seattle.
Seattle?
That's not just another school district.
It's a whole other time zone.
I know.
But what does your dad think of this?
He's really upset, but this was always the arrangement.
When they first split up, they agreed to switch custody later.
I can't believe you never told me this.
I'm your best friend.
I should know this kind of thing.
I didn't think they'd ever really do it.
It was supposed to happen two years ago.
But since my mom found herself, she's been so much happier.
Dad and I figured she'd never really go through with it.
But Seattle, Sam, you might as well be moving to Timbuktu.
Do you want to move?
No.
Well, then don't.
Don't go.
Clarissa, you don't understand.
She's my mom.
I don't have a choice.
She's a force that's greater than both of us.
I better go clean up my room before she gets here.
I mean, you better go pack.
Right, I keep forgetting.
But I'm cool about this.
It'll be cool.
Sure.
In fact, it'll be cool and rainy.
I hear it rains all the time in Seattle.
But what's a little rain?
Yeah.
What's a little rain?
So bye.
Not really bye.
What am I saying bye?
Bye for now.
Yeah.
Okay.
I've taken the highway past Hippy Hop Books.
Jetskied through the land of lost earrings
and crash-lendered at the worst loss of all.
My best friend.
But best friends aren't supposed to move away until you're old and moldy, like 25.
Hey, Clarissa.
Hi, Sam.
I brought over some stuff I want you to have when I'm gone.
Sam, don't talk that way.
We'll find a way out of this.
I'll hold on to it for now if you want.
Okay.
First of all, I want you to have this.
Your first prize for the science fair?
That was the breakthrough that nearly broke through the roof.
Oh!
What happened?
I did it.
I found the secret ingredient.
I just mixed two parts, cestitos and bean dip,
with a half a cup of extra-caffeinated cola,
and the secret ingredient, carobate and plasma.
What have you been doing in here?
You know, Dad, making rocket fuel from chips and dip.
Oh.
Can I interest anybody in an atomic cocktail?
Maybe you ought to keep this.
Wait, there's more.
I want you to have these, too.
Boxing gloves?
Hey, you never know when you have to put Clifford's spleen herb
back in line.
Boy, I'll never forget how you trained me for the big fight.
Listen to the words of my heart.
Look like a butterfly.
Sting like a bee.
Hook them with the right hand,
point them in the eye,
take them to the cleaners,
and hang them out to dry.
Sam, can you really make me into a killing machine?
Well, at least I can keep you from getting killed.
You gotta be prepared.
Okay.
Let's lift that weight.
You're the champ.
Come on.
I need guppy.
Fighting a great white shark.
I don't know what I'm gonna do without you, Sam.
Me neither.
Here.
The elf hat?
I can't believe you kept it all this time.
That hat saved my life.
Saved your life?
It's the only thing that kept me from getting sunstroke,
pedaling Christmas cards door to door in the summer.
Oh, yeah.
Hi.
We're selling happy holiday Christmas cards filled with the best...
Christmas cards in May, my word.
I don't think so.
Hi.
The Christmas only comes one day in December.
We like to think that the Christmas spirit...
Bah, humbug.
Hi.
We're selling these nifty Christmas cards.
You could buy a ton of them and recycle the paper for $5.
Why don't you children go home?
I'm selling happy holiday Christmas cards,
but they're actually red and green Fourth of July.
Ow!
Hey, Sam, are you okay?
By the end of the day,
my toes were as red and green as those cards.
Sam, I can't take this stuff.
You can't go away.
This makes no sense.
There's nothing I can do about it.
Just get your mom and dad to sit down and talk to each other.
You'll see what a huge mistake this is.
Clarissa, your mom and dad like each other.
They even live in the same house.
The last time my mom and dad sat down to talk,
they didn't have a heart to heart.
They had a roller skate to forehead.
Dad doesn't know how to talk to her,
and mom's got a real wild streak.
But your mom wants to do what's right, doesn't she?
Isn't there any other way out?
I don't see it.
Sam, you've got to try to get them to talk.
I don't know, Clarissa.
I guess it's worth a shot.
Really?
But can I ask you one favor?
Anything.
If the first starts to fly in my house,
can mom and I swing by your place to cool down?
You can chill over here anytime.
I see the Darling Household as neutral territory.
Sort of a demilitarized zone for warring moms and dads.
That's great, Ferguson.
Now, you just might want to use a little more pink
to catch the rose in your father's cheeks, huh?
Why is art a requirement to get through school?
So people realize that art is created by the losers
in the great lottery of life.
Ferguson, creativity is important to everyone.
What is that supposed to be?
Oh, wait. I see it now.
A bowl filled with lemons and snakes.
Can I see that?
Marshall, you have to sit still.
That's dad?
For your information, I've been assigned to do
an abstract portrait for the school art show.
I think it's very keenly observed, Ferguson.
There's his glasses, there's his tie,
and you've done a lovely job on the hands and the mouth.
I think it looks like Ferguson's brain.
Really gross.
All right, that's it. Come on, Ferguson.
I want to take a look.
Well, what do you think, Dad?
Well, it's interesting, son.
Well, realistic depiction isn't a point.
Ferguson was working from an abstract perspective.
I thought it was just his usual warped perspective.
There was some of the most important artists
of the 20th century, painted abstract masterpieces.
Picasso, Clay, Miro.
Look, this is Jackson Pollock's work.
See, just close his eyes
and spilled a bunch of paint all over the place.
I've always loved Pollock.
I just wish we could afford one.
Well, Marshall, maybe when we get our first million.
Did you say million?
These are masterpieces, Ferguson.
This garbage? I mean art.
It sells for millions of dollars, a pop?
Whoa, if I get started now,
just think of the business I can do on volume alone.
I better go stuck up on canvas.
Thanks, Mom.
And thanks, Dad. You're my inspiration.
Inspiration for a quick buck.
Well, Marshall, I think we might have
another artist in the family.
Hey, he's got creativity in his jeans.
You know, after all, his father did win
most artistic use of aluminum,
signing two years in a row,
speaking of which, I've got to get back to work.
Hi.
Hi, how'd it go?
I thought things over.
I promised myself I wouldn't lose my temper.
Now Dad's got matching skate marks on his forehead.
Oh, my. Can this be Clarissa?
Well, time flies when you're having fun.
Yes, skating with the girls is a blast and a half.
You should try it sometime.
Oh, that's okay.
I don't think I'm quite cut out for the crash helmet.
Oh, neither am I anymore.
It's time for me to kiss my wild years goodbye
and take a shot at the motherhood gig.
Poster, Sam. Poster.
Right, Mom.
A good Mom has to think about things like Poster.
I read that somewhere, I think.
Your Mommy probably tells you
to stand up straight all the time.
Well, actually.
Debbie!
Mom's back for a final match tomorrow.
You're leaving the derby?
Yeah.
Cracking heads isn't all it's cracked up to be.
It's all showbiz these days.
Young punks pumped up on steroids,
using it as a springboard into American gladiators.
Oh, that's disillusioning.
So what are you going to do when you retire?
I'm starting a new career.
I'm gonna be, well,
the greatest mom in this world I've ever seen.
Wow.
That's how they talk in the role of derby business.
Well, you do get worked up.
Maybe a great mom doesn't get that worked up.
You think I should tone down my act, Janet?
No, if it's what you want, you'll make a great mother, Debbie.
Thanks, Janet. For starters,
I have chosen a great town.
According to my sources,
Seattle is the place for single moms raising sons.
Mom's going to open a combo gym health food store
and a laundromat.
Well, you know how I love health food stores,
but isn't Seattle kind of far away?
Well, Tim, you got to start where the market needs you.
And my research says that there isn't a combo gym health food store
and laundromat anywhere in the Seattle metropolitan area.
So when does the store open?
I don't know yet. I need to scout around.
Of course, I'll need backers.
It's gonna be fantastic.
And, Clarissa, you could stay with us any old time you like.
Thanks.
But are you sure you want to move all the way to Seattle?
Sure, I'm sure it'll be a blast, right, Sam?
Right, Mom.
Mom, that word sure sounds good to this old skater's ears.
And this time, I'm gonna do it right.
I'm thinking mobile home.
So if Sam doesn't like Seattle,
we can keep on truckin' and still keep the same house.
Kind of like treating your little wheels for big ones.
Hey!
Why don't you and Sam stay for dinner?
I'd love to.
Great.
But I promise, girls, I'd take them on a tour of my old hometown.
You don't mind, do you, Sam?
Now, let's go outside and we can work on our spitting lesson.
Oh!
Spit?
Mom, I already know how to spit.
All right, I forgot.
Come on, Debbie, I want to hear all about your plan.
Come on, Sam.
Why do I feel like my life is about to turn into a bad road movie?
And why do I feel like my best friend's about to hit the road?
For good.
Are you lookin' to put some?
Into Saturday night?
If you want it, Nick's got it.
At the Roundhouse!
It's Nickelodeon's Roundhouse.
The half-hour hip-hop comedy stock.
It's not like anywhere else.
And it's all me, I'm Nickelodeon.
With all this,
Saturdays will never be the same again.
So snick with Roundhouse.
Saturdays at 8.30, 7.30 Central.
Only on Nickelodeon.
Her name is Starla.
Wherever we go, we put on a show.
Time for a show.
When you talk into Starla's magic microphone,
she says what you say in her own voice.
Let's sing a song.
You can sing along.
I like to sing with you.
Nobody sounds like you, Starla.
We like to show off.
Starla.
Like it's Starla.
I love it.
Hey, she's talking.
She's Starla.
Wherever we go, we put on a show.
Starla comes with a magic microphone,
so you can give her a voice on her own.
The battery's not included.
Coco's my name and as you can see,
I'm swinging through the jungle with my Coco Krispies.
When out of the sky comes a giant pest
who takes my Coco Krispies back to his nest.
He tastes who wants to try,
but he's about to burn a new way to fly by car.
Kellogg's Coco Krispies are such a chocolatey and delicious
part of this complete breakfast.
Even the milk turns chocolate with every bite.
So chocolatey.
Oh, everybody wants my Coco Krispies.
Clarissa's back and ready to snick.
Now on Nick.
Okay, since it looks like Sam's splitting for good,
I think it's time for my world-turned upside-down Clarissa update.
First of all, Ferganardo da Vinci has been making everyone's life
more miserable than usual with his art business.
I realize that taste in art is subjective,
but when it comes to Ferguson's art,
I don't want to be subjected, period.
Meanwhile, Debbie unveiled some body art of her own,
and I've been going through the five stages of loss
every 10 seconds.
Shock, anger,
grief, denial,
and depression.
And the only thing worse than Sam leaving
is the headache I'm getting from talking upside-down like this.
I almost passed out.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa.
That'll be so quiet around here without the pitter-patter of your ladder.
Hey, what can you do when your family calls?
That's just it, Sam.
I've always thought of you as one of my family.
Clarissa, don't make this any harder than it already is.
Not just me.
My mom and dad think of you as, well, kind of like a son,
especially my dad.
After Ferguson, how can you blame him?
Five, six, seven, eight,
you come to man who's a friend of mine.
He's all the way live cause he's got the rhyme.
So throw your head to the square.
From the Roman Coliseum to the modern art museum,
I'm here to teach you that you can reach to,
that foam follows function, and that is the key.
You just got to think architecturally.
Get live, Sam.
Architects build your house,
the house, the house.
Yeah, I kind of thought the foam was just starting.
You and me both.
I thought you'd be running to the next century.
Hi, Sam.
You know you've got a bad back.
Oh, my shakriliik.
I can't believe we're not going to see each other every day.
Now that you're a friend of his history,
allow me to be in a loving portrait of the two of you
that you can cherish forever.
Allow me to add a little black and blue to your palette.
Sam, we've got to stick together.
So getting your folks to talk bombs,
but you can't give up now.
Just march right up to your mom and say,
Mom, about the Seattle thing, no way.
Absolutely not. No can do.
I guess I could try.
Got you, Sam.
Otherwise, your mom's last derby will be our last hangout.
Wow, so this is where your mom works?
Yeah.
Mom only says the locker room's kind of like her office.
Weird.
Debbie, is it true that this is your last match?
You better believe it, Bob. I'm hanging up my wheels.
But you're at the top of your game.
You've just been nominated for the Most Valuable Slayer Award.
Why step down now?
Because I want to be closer to my kids.
You know, a mom can't be on the road forever.
Well, Debbie, everyone knows you are the best.
Thanks.
Oh, Mom, can we talk?
Remember, lay down the line, be direct.
What's on your mind, Sam?
Listen, about this new life you have planned for us?
Oh, right. I forgot.
Get a load of all the new stuff I got you.
I know you like your hair to look nice,
so I got a big old vat of grease.
It's the kind of vikers you use.
Wow. Great.
See this here?
This is the best.
A wrench?
Wrench? Smench?
This is an all-in-one industrial ratchet.
Man, chicks go for a guy
who knows how to work under the hood of a Chevy.
I'm going to teach you how to be a good car mechanic.
Gee, thanks, Mom.
Just what I've always wanted.
An all-in-one industrial ratchet.
You know, Sam, I used to think
I wasn't cut out for all this maternal instinct stuff,
but I think I'll make one heck of a mom.
Yeah, me too.
But what I wanted to tell you was...
Hey, Sam, you hungry?
I guess.
You can finish the rest of my candy bar.
Thanks, Mom, but I already ate with Dad.
Oh.
I've got to make a bunch of dinners for Dad
and put them in the freezer. Otherwise, he'll forget.
You mean you cook for Arnie?
Well, only sometimes.
But it's not like he can't get along without me.
He'll do fine.
Sure he will.
Yeah, sure he will.
Hey, Sam, you know,
maybe you could teach me some recipes.
Sure, Mom.
Yeah, I was never that good at cooking.
Skating, I'm good at cooking.
I've got to go.
Sammy, wish me luck.
I'm going out there as dangerous Debbie,
but I'm coming back as Mom.
Hey, what was he wanted to tell me?
Oh, nothing. Forget it.
Okay, let's go!
Well, it looks like I have a whole new life ahead of me.
Yeah.
It's probably gonna be hell on wheels.
Hiya, Sam.
Wearing a stance?
No, not really.
You've been back here all this time?
Yeah.
Well, kid, we better hit the road.
Yeah, Mom.
Yeah, I guess we better do what we set out to do.
Yeah.
Sam?
Mom?
Listen, kid, we gotta talk.
You know, maybe I'd rather go see how the soda machine in the hall is working.
You know, you can only go around the rink so many times
without having a deep thought,
and while I was hitting the Alabama-Amazon, it hit me.
It ain't gonna work, is it?
Mom, I love you, and I've missed you.
But I don't know.
Oh, Sam, I tried, honey, I really did,
but your life doesn't really revolve around me anymore.
It's been pretty good on its own, isn't it?
I've been living with that a long time.
I guess I'm just no good at this motherhood stuff.
No, Mom, you're wrong.
You're the coolest.
Any kid at school would kill to have a roller derby, Mom.
I wouldn't trade you for anybody.
Really?
Really. I'd be glad just to see more of you.
Well, who knows? Maybe we can arrange that.
No, Marshall, come on in.
We just wanted to say goodbye to you and Sam.
Actually, it looks like Sam will be around for a while.
Really? That's great.
I mean, is that great?
It definitely is.
But don't you worry.
We'll be seeing a lot more of each other from now on.
Right, Sam?
Right, Mom.
You know, I love it when the roller derby comes to town.
It's the contact sport that brings families together.
So guess what I found?
My earring.
Actually, my bare feet found my earring.
Just decided to wiggle its way up from the carpet
and stab me in the foot.
Hi, Sam.
Hi, Clarissa.
What's up?
I got a postcard for my mom.
Cool. What'd she say?
Well, she's kicking major butt down in Houston,
but she's got a little something going on the side.
A gym, health food store, laundromat, and mobile home?
No, she's going to be an announcer for ESPN.
Cool.
So I'll definitely be seeing more of her
like every Wednesday at 9, 8 central
from the forum, the arena, the garden?
So is that how you're going to see more of your mom?
And she's coming to visit next week.
I finished my masterpiece.
The portrait of your friendship.
Expensive.
Yes, but let's not put a price on friendship.
I'll bill you later.
Take your time.
We're not going anywhere.
Today is the final day of Nick's Can't Wait Till Christmas week.
You get to spend the whole day with me,
Ferguson W. Darling.
We're trying to gain viewers, not scare them away.
You get a whole day of me, Clarissa.
As I explain it all, all day long.
So stay tuned.
Over 100 great rides and attractions,
including the world's largest drive-through safari
outside of Africa, share the farm
at a theme park bigger than Disneyland.
Six Flags, great adventure.
It's not a world away.
It's a world of fun, Doc.
Buy one adult ticket and get two tickets free
with special coupons of participating Roy Rogers.
Score just as high on his math test.
The police athletic league,
we also exercise a child's mind.
Presenting the Fisher Price 3-in-1 tournament table.
Breakfast is ready.
One more ball, Mom.
Where a simple game of pool is just the beginning.
Time for lunch.
Soon it explodes into an all-out tournament
with table tennis balls flying.
Dinner's ready.
And a glide hockey game so fast and furious.
Good night, boys.
There's no telling how long you'll play.
One more.
The Fisher Price 3-in-1 tournament table.
Table tennis hockey pool.
Batteries not included.
One of those sweet puffs of wheat, I can almost taste them.
Oh.
Yikes.
Dig them, dig them, dig them.
Oh, kitty.
Uh-oh.
Now for Kellogg's smacks.
Ooh, here comes kitty.
There goes kitty.
Kellogg's smacks might just blow you over.
That's part of this complete breakfast.
That's smacks.
Meet Tina and her brother Tyler.
Whatever one has, the other wants.
And that's the way it's always been.
Now, thanks to Capri Sun Fruit Drink,
Tina can have the delicious 100% natural Capri Sun Fruit Drink
that she loves so much.
And Tyler can collect all 22 Nickelodeon decals
of his favorite Nickdoons.
Free, inside each specially marked Capri Sun 10-pack.
And since the decals are reusable
and there's enough Capri Sun for both of them,
they should be happy for now.
Capri Sun Fruit Drink and Nickelodeon decals.
You'd better grab your own before they do.
Bow-wow.
Woof-woof-woof-woof.
How you see, Genie Beth?
Tonight, this stage will be filled
with 50 of the most beautiful young women in America.
That's really like complete losers.
Not only that, everything about this show
is designed to make sure all 50 of them
are made to feel like pieces of meat.
That's great, Gary.
After all, looks are everything.
Boy, if those girls are losers,
I must be a real bow-wow.
Hurry up and get to the swimsuit competition.
Why is the camera looking at me?
I'm not thinking anything.
Ever feel self-conscious about your looks?
Yes.
About your string of hair?
Or that zit on your chin?
Yes.
Or your funny-looking ears?
Woof-woof.
Ever feel like everybody in the world
is staring at you?
Yes, it sort of feels like that right now.
Every wish you can just crawl into a cave
and never be seen again?
Yeah.
Oh, but all the good caves are already taken.
Not anymore.
Now there's new Hiding Go Freak,
the portable cave from Shameco.
Whether it's a new crop as it's
or just a really bad haircut,
Hiding Go Freak is like your own little world
where you're free to sulk
or just throw a tantrum all to yourself.
Just listen to these unhappy customers.
Go away.
What are you looking at, butthead?
Hiding Go Freak even comes
with a built-in feeding hole.
Honey, I know that you're upset,
but you've got to keep your strength up.
Yeah.
Order now and receive this
hand-crafted bed pen.
Absolutely free.
Hiding Go Freak.
Perfect for the whole family.
Sweetie, my mother's going to be here
in five minutes now.
Where are you?
I'll get you all today.
You know, Mary, Joe, Bobby, Sue, Jeannie, Beth,
these ladies come here
to beautiful Southwest Claude County,
primarily for the pageant.
But there are plenty of other activities
to make their week exciting and fun.
That's right, Gare.
First, the lady is sighting
at the New Wave County.
Then our ladies enjoyed
a complimentary lunch
provided by I Can't Believe It's Weasel.
After I can choose
to provide a competition.
I used to spend hundreds of dollars
a year on makeup
and other beauty products,
not to mention countless hours
in front of the mirror,
trying to live my best
for my precious family.
Then I made an amazing discovery
that nobody gives a flying fish
what I look like.
Oh, no, honey.
Really, you look fine.
Come on.
You know, the truth is
I'm a middle-aged housewife
with two kids and a husband
who wouldn't notice
if I had hair growing out of my teeth
and a pig act through my head.
That's why I use oil of OK.
Oh, sure.
Other products cost more
and they do a better job.
But who's going to notice anyway?
Hold it right there, honey.
Yes?
You look.
Ah.
Like you're headed to the kitchen.
Could you get me some stowed
prawns, please?
Oil of OK.
The secret to average-looking skin.
What is it about Cindy Crawford
that makes her the hottest model
of our time?
Cindy, it's got to be the mole.
No, Mars.
It's got to be the mole.
It's not the mole, Mars.
What about the mole?
It's got to be the mole.
It's not the mole, Mars.
Please, Cindy, Cindy, Cindy,
please tell me it's the mole.
Mars.
It's not the mole.
Alright, they go see Cindy Crawford.
Cindy Crawford.
Now it's time for everyone
to really ogle the contestants
as they walk down the runway.
One arena can't hold it all, huh?
Basic training, slam dunks,
invisible boats, moon races.
Nickelodeon doesn't have the guts for it.
Is that it?
Over the top, boogie down,
eat my dust.
Totally tubular.
It'll never happen.
Right?
Wrong.
Watch Nickelodeon guts.
See three kids face some real competition.
Land, water, air,
and one massive aggro crab.
Do you have it?
Nickelodeon guts.
Starting this weekend at 6.35,
30 Central, only on Nickelodeon.
Hey, play band, can I come to the game?
Game?
I almost forgot.
Thanks.
But I want a more Kellogg's double dip crunch.
Oh, well, there's always tomorrow.
Tomorrow?
Wait 24 hours for more
than doubly nutty, frosted,
six-sided sweetness?
No way.
I can't wait.
It's amazing what people will do
for one more irresistible bite
of that doubly sweet, doubly frosted taste.
Kellogg's double dip crunch,
part of this complete breakfast
that's too good to go without.
Sweet.
For roundhouse on Nick,
more time to sneak.
Oh, sick.
You're such a pathetic geek.
Oh, if I'm such a pathetic geek,
how come you're hanging out with me?
Huck?
Question.
Whoa.
Oh, see, boys are so stupid.
It's true.
You could spend years
trying to teach a typical boyfriend
how to behave,
or you could just grow your own from scratch
from the people who brought you
to see monkeys comes boyfriend in a bottle.
Sweet and sincere.
That's right.
Boyfriend in a bottle comes in
sweet and sincere,
or hunky and dangerous.
Just pour the contents into a jar
and store in a cool, dry place.
In just a few days,
your boyfriend, Larva,
will start to develop.
He hasn't had his shots yet.
And in no time at all,
you'll have a new boyfriend
you'll be proud to call your own.
Wow.
Are you my new girlfriend?
Uh-huh.
I must be the luckiest boy
in the whole world.
And no more heartbreaks,
because with boyfriend in a bottle,
you can train him to be
just like you want him to be.
Hey, look,
there's your darling friend sharing.
Stop on the glass.
Because with boyfriend in a bottle,
you're always right.
Sweetheart, I was just wondering...
I'm sorry.
And the bad thing is,
when you get tired of your new boyfriend,
you don't even have to bother
breaking up with him,
because boyfriend in a bottle
is disposable.
Hey, you,
what do you say we head on up to the mall
and spit off the escalator?
Oh, okay,
but I just need to take care
of one little thing.
Oh, no.
Boyfriend, you can always grow your own.
My best friend, Helen,
and I both got new perms yesterday.
But when we went out last night,
she got all the attention.
And to make matters worse,
I finished her dinners at home.
Accidentally,
how?
With the new Electra Perm 2000.
Just insert Electra Perm 2000
into any standard 110-volt wall socket,
and in seconds,
she'll be the life of the party.
Hey, hey, great perm, Helen.
Not only did she look great,
but she taught us all a hot need dance.
Perm is just a die-far.
Trust me, she almost did.
No.
The new Electra Perm 2000.
Easy to use?
Sure.
Inexpensive, you bet.
Save?
Hey, what do you want for two bucks?
Yeah, but you done with your hair, man.
The new Electra Perm 2000.
A shocking statement for today's complacent hair.
Hold it!
Clearly irresponsible.
What in Sam Hill is going on here?
Now kids all over the country
are going to be putting these things in wall sockets.
I don't think so.
Go back to the story about the beauty pageant
and kids at home.
Don't ever put anything in an outlet.
Check the beds.
There's a loony on the loose.
I'll never forget when I was a contestant
years ago.
Whether you win or lose,
you make wonderful friendships
that will last a lifetime.
Let's go backstage.
Excuse me,
but what kind of ugly color of a nail polish
and where excuse are you
to be insultin' my evening gown?
Oh yeah,
but what kind of wrong condition
of a dry-colored hair using skank
look like shaman or swimsuit?
That's the scene backstage at the pageant
where our two competitors
have launched into the first round of
Girl Fight.
Let's join the action as Cindy Winman
from Mrs. Zimmer's Home Home
is making an offensive move.
You know,
I think maybe you should consider
taking that wrong out of this decade
havin' behind to a stable place.
Oh, it's an intense taunt from Cindy.
Let's see how her rival, Julie Briggs,
bearded cheerleader,
and home excala responds.
Oh, I'm so sure I'm intimidated.
I'm just shaking in my shoes,
which I might add
are so much better coordinated
with my dress than yours.
It's not even amusing.
Wow, it's a ripping return
from the plucky pom-pom girl.
We may see a physical response
from her rival
who has been training nonstop
with a hair-pulling expert.
That's it.
Looks like we got a tie-break situation.
Join us next week
when we pry these two feisty females
apart for another round of Girl Fight.
And now we have a special guest
performer for tonight's show.
Presenting the newest rock sensation
of the 90s,
mutated from the genes
of Eddie Van Halen
and he-hus Roy Clark.
It's the world's first and only
heavy metal bluegrass
playing Foxy and Joby.
Test is down to just a few,
so the rest of them
will have to stand up here
overdressed
and feeling really rejected
and depressed
while trying to maintain
a phony smile.
Then we'll parade the rest of them
in front of the cameras
so that people at home
can see their scores
at the bottom of the screen.
That way, everybody can get
a good laugh at the expense
of the girl with a big
confidence smile
who's only scored
a three and a half.
We'll be right back
with more humiliation
right after these phony commercials.
What makes Julia Roberts
one of the hottest actresses
of our time?
It's got to be the lips.
Julia, tell me, please, please.
Uh-huh.
No, no, no, no.
It's got to be the lips.
It's not the lips, Mars.
Hey, I got to try
a new Pestov.
Sure, it works on
roaches, ants,
and silverfish,
but it also takes care
of the real pests,
the ones that bother you
outside your home.
Hi.
Do you want to buy some?
No.
Howdy, Krishna.
No problem.
Pestov can handle them.
It works on street mimes
and those guys who try
to wash your windshield
without you asking them to.
Wow, isn't that incredible?
That's good.
Good.
What do you mean good?
Isn't it the most fantastic product
you've ever tried?
Don't you just want to jump
up and down and shout
as praises?
Don't you smile
all by yourself?
Pest in your life.
Don't get mad.
Get Pestov.
She's your cool friend.
Always loves to play.
No one can believe it
when she cruises their way.
In the round, round,
baby Rollerblade.
She gets around.
Baby Rollerblade,
the doll with genuine
Rollerblade inline skates,
only from Mattel.
Batteries not included.
How do they get those
guys to jump?
Golden crabs.
Maybe it's that
touch of honey
or that big
graham cracker taste.
Cool.
No, thanks.
Throw my arm.
What a complete breakfast.
Now at Musicland
and Sam Goody's stores,
save on any regular price,
CD or cassette
with these special
boxes of golden grams.
More roundhouse on name.
More time to sneak.
The crime dog.
With a few tips
on how you can
keep your home crime free.
First of all,
always make sure
you lock your doors
and windows at night.
And always report
anything suspicious
to the police
right away.
Hey, dog.
Don't do that.
Sorry, guys.
It's my job to make
your job as tough as possible.
Oh, Miss Luff,
dog, you want a T bone?
Nice try, fellas.
I'm a vegetarian.
Oh, come on, doggy.
Good dog.
I see your angle.
You scratch behind my ears.
I scratch behind yours.
Nothing doing.
Hey, Miss Luff,
how about some reg?
Take the house.
Take the money.
Take everything.
Take all your what.
You can have it.
It's all yours.
Our Bush and reading is important.
Now there's a new way
to enjoy some of your
favorite works of literature
with new toilet paperback novels
soft on your skin
and beneficial to your mind.
Toilet paperback novels
educate and entertain you
at a time when you're
most relaxed
and open to new ideas.
And furthermore,
you won't have to fuss
with those clumsy
bookmarks anymore.
Enjoy favorites like
Islands in the Stream
and goodbye, Mr. Chips.
For the young readers,
there's the little engine that could
and Winnie the Pooh.
And for some of those
irregular days,
there's modern classics
like Misery.
My personal favorite
is a time-honored classic,
Margaret Mitchell's
Gone with the Wind.
My bar wouldn't go in there
right now.
I just finished
six chapters of Death
in the Afternoon.
Oh, George,
America,
let's pick up a book
and wipe away illiteracy.
And now, Mary's your body's
Eugene back with you
an interview from the dressing room
so we can show a lot
of gratuitous scenes
of women running around half-dressed.
Ow!
You hit me!
You were leering!
I was watching!
Oh, honey,
this is watching.
And this is leering.
All right, all right.
I'm sorry.
If I do it again,
you can hit me.
Oh, fine.
And now,
we're going to
our exciting challenge competition.
Since our contestants
have very little talent,
we'll just show
some of the acts
that took place earlier.
I will now demonstrate
the art of speed dialing
from a reclined position.
Local
and long distance
and from my encore rotary.
Right.
OK, so now,
you put the tang
in the water
and then
you stir.
We met this fellow
and they knew
that it was much more
than a hunch.
That this group
must somehow form a family.
That's the way
they all became
the Brady Bunch.
Find out who'll be
the new Miss American
Universal International.
I look better than you
right after these messages
from Mad Max Factor.
Tired of spending
more money on makeup
than you do on food?
Sick of wasting countless hours
fritzing with your
hair and clothes,
then stop.
Now, there's a new way
to get praise and admiration
from all those around you
without doing a thing.
From a future
post-apocalyptic world
comes a revolutionary
new approach to beauty.
Introducing
Mad Max Factor.
I've been dieting for two weeks.
I wonder what the scale says.
What are you trying to do, Lardo?
Kill me?
You know, mate,
I think you may need
to be recalibrated.
No, no, really.
She's light as a feather.
Is she on yet?
Tell her to get back on.
Yes, with Mad Max Factor,
you can be as beautiful
as you want
with no effort at all.
We're not worthy.
I'm coming, Queen.
Get a date with Luke
with Mad Max Factor.
All your dreams come true.
Mirror, mirror on the wall.
Who's not fairest of them all?
Queen, gotta be the queen.
Snow White is a bag.
Oh.
Mad Max Factor.
He puts beauty back
in the eye of the beholder.
What is it about Dolly Parton
that makes her stand out
as one of the most
noticeable talents of our time?
It's gotta be the...
Nah, ain't touching this.
Swimsuit competition,
Miss Hawaii.
Ow, what'd you hit me for?
But she's not even on yet.
She hasn't even come on.
Whoa.
Well, that was a good call, honey.
You better hit me
a couple more times.
No.
Stop.
Man.
You can't live with them
and you can't do this sketch
without them.
And if I win the title,
I will use the scholarship money
to work toward a career
working with abused,
unborn, crippled, blind dolphins
with dyslexia.
Thank you.
I'll do that too.
Only more.
And plus, I love my country.
Oh.
Well, Mary Jo, Bobby Sue,
Jeannie Beth,
that concludes our competition.
While the judges
are making their final decision,
we're gonna do
a cheesy pageant production number.
Now, the moment
you've all been waiting for.
Of course, I'll announce
the runner-up first.
And the runner-up is
misinformed.
That makes our winner...
I think the rest
of me could test this
for being, you know,
kind of ugly.
I have something to say.
I can't accept this crown.
Ooh.
I answered this contest
to prove a point.
It doesn't matter
what you look like on the outside.
The only thing that matters
is who you are on the inside.
And so, I can't wear that crown.
Did I forget to mention
a $1,000 grand prize?
Oh, give me that!
Now what do you have to say?
Repeat the same song
and roll the credit.
Whenever my life gets easy.
Keep snicking
with Ren and Stimpy
coming up next.
Plus, it's flying time
for Wilder Elementary.
As Nick takes over your school,
continues.
As University Studios
Orlando, Florida.
An object in motion
tends to stay in motion.
It's Nick's condition.
Nick doesn't care where it is.
Nick-a-treat!
Nick doesn't care how old it is.
Nick doesn't care
what size it is.
Just make sure you answer it.
Nick-a-treat!
If Nick calls you
this Halloween,
over 2,500 phones will ring.
So, get an entry format
participating McDonald's
or send a postcard
with your name,
address,
8 and of course,
phone number
to Nick-a-treat Sweepstakes.
P.O. Box 4974
Orlando, Florida 32802.
If we call
and you answer
Nick-a-treat!
You win a glow-in-the-dark
Nick T-shirt,
$5 and gift certificates
to McDonald's,
and a package of
amazing fruit gummy bears.
Halloween week,
we'll separate the winners
Nick-a-treat!
from the losers.
Jones Residents!
Practice any way you want.
Nick-a-treat!
Dress any way you want.
Sit any way you want.
Just make sure you answer.
Nick-a-treat!
Nick-a-treat is brought to you
by McDonald's
and amazing fruit gummy bears.
And the place
where only kids win.
Nick-a-treat!
Creative Imagineers!
Draw near and join the company.
It's Creative Imagineers!
Drawing system
that helps you draw
realistically
on your very first try.
Picture perfect fun is near.
We're Creative Imagineers!
Using the Creative Imagineers
grid system,
you can easily create
accurate drawings.
And when you're done,
like magic,
the grid-vitter pen
makes the lines disappear.
Creative Imagineers!
Set soul separately.
From Erwin.
Creative Imagineers!
Little Pete
wants revenge.
So this Sunday,
Nickelodeon lights the fumes
on the ultimate beat-and-beat adventure.
First, it was just a grudge match.
Suck my fumes, Demiraj.
Then, a family fume.
That'll teach you to mess with my dad.
Now, it's war.
It's Apocalypse Pete.
Prepare to die, blowhole!
Is this the Pete to end all Pete's?
Find out when Apocalypse Pete
premieres Sunday at 7.30,
6.30c on Nickelodeon.
Hey, you do something
helpful every day.
Like today,
you walk the dog.
So for you, every day,
Pete's odd has the kids' pizza pack.
You get a personal pan pizza,
cup, and cool surprise.
Every day!
You deserve it,
because you're a kid.
What the heck is that?
And you did weave the garden.
Now, you can scare up
a Universal Monstrous Kids pizza pack
at Pizza Hut.
You get a personal pan pizza,
creepy cup with monstrous lid,
and spooky trading cards,
all for $2.99.
Got your catacombs?
Charge!
It's Small Madness.
Dale M. Shoestower.
The shop to your drop game
that really talks.
Now, we're like big racers.
From ML1 Racing.
Pop, pop, pop.
Pop the top of Play-Doh fun.
Play-Doh presents
Fix Me Up Doc.
Make the wackiest germs you've ever seen,
then discover them in this human being.
With Fix Me Up Doc,
you need to operate.
Catch that frog in the throat
before it's too late.
Take out his funny bone for laughs.
Oh, give me guts.
First, fix me up fast.
Fix Me Up Doc is the wacky one.
Pop, pop, pop.
Pop the Play-Doh fun.
Fix Me Up Doc comes with everything here.
A case of color sold separately,
only from Play-Doh.
They're collodion.
Hey, kid.
You want a toy?
Uh-huh, uh-huh.
How about a bike?
No.
A video game.
Well, okay.
You pick a toy.
Yes, Log.
All kids love Log.
There's holes over your neighbor's dog.
What's way for a snack
and fits on your back?
It's Log.
Log from Blamo.
A full-grown cat.
Still watching cartoons.
Why?
You're three years old.
Do you know what that is?
Do you know what that is in human years?
Listen to me, man.
I'm your friend.
Don't you know cartoons will ruin your mind?
Look what it's done to your brain.
Skipper Show.
From our sponsor,
the Muddy Mud Skipper Show
is brought to you by Gritty Kitty Litter.
Friends,
do you use Gritty Kitty Litter?
Then you know about its absorbency.
It's fragrance.
It's like the smell of fresh bison.
It sticks to any surface.
It's great as a between-meal snack.
And how about that one bite?
It's really good.
It's great as a between-meal snack.
And how about that wonderful feeling you get
when you squish it between your toes?
So all remember, folks,
if it doesn't say Gritty Kitty,
it stinks.
And now, for all you kitties at home,
I'd like to announce a contest.
We'd like you to write us a poem
of 47 million words or less,
telling us why you love Gritty Kitty Litter.
Whoever writes the best poem will win.
47 million dollars.
A lifetime supply of goji.
A 12-hour record set of the top hints of the 70s.
But best of all,
a trip to Hollywood
and a guest appearance
on the Muddy Mud Skipper Show.
Gritty Kitty ain't so pretty,
but it's really thick.
Oh, you're out of your mind.
It fills my cat box, oh, so snug.
It always does the trick.
I like to rub it on my toe
and squish and squish and squish.
It ne'er offends my tender nose
like a smelly fish.
Its texture is a joy to me.
It's just as smooth as silk.
It makes my little whiskers twitch.
This tastes crunchy, even in mail.
It stays crunchy even in milk.
I may not be the president.
I may not be the pope.
But as long as I have Gritty Kitty,
I shall never mope.
Where are you going?
I tell you these contests are a scam.
Nobody ever wins them.
Don't be a sucker.
But I want to meet Muddy Mudskipper.
Oh, you idiot.
He's just a cartoon character.
Not real.
Not flesh and blood like we.
I'm telling you cartoons aren't real.
They're...they're...
They're puppets.
If you put that letter in the box,
you're a bigger fool than I thought.
I'm telling you right now.
You let go of that letter.
I'm going to lose all respect for you.
Are you listening?
Oh, forgive me, Ren.
Please forgive me.
I could not help myself.
Nope.
Ain't gonna forgive you.
Nope. Forget it.
No way.
Good night, Ren.
He's in Stimpy.
I...
Yes.
What is it?
You Stimson Jay cat?
Oh, you want Stimpy?
He's in there.
Well, would you tell him he's won 47 million dollars?
Right.
47 million.
I'll get him.
Seven!
Me!
I'm the cat!
What's up, Ren?
Nothing, Rover. Go back to your doghouse.
Congratulations, Mr. Stimpy.
Your wonderful poem won first prize.
Buy money!
I wrote that poem!
Always use your stinky old letter.
Look how I love it!
Get out of here!
Who needs ya?
Muddy mudskipper?
I can't believe it.
You're my idol.
Yeah, yeah, kid. I know. Don't sweat it.
Someday you're gonna be big.
Bigger than me!
Stick with me, kid.
I was once a lousy bum just like you.
I crawled my way up out of the mud to get where I am.
You wanna make it in this world?
You gotta adapt.
Have a breathe of oxygen, son.
Good. Don't start.
Me, I'm hooked. Get it?
Shut up!
Five minutes to airtime.
Well, kid, this is your big break.
You're gonna be great.
You lousy bum.
He would today. It's fresh. It's redundant.
Let's give him a warm welcome
because his whole career depends on this next important message.
Well, I've been...
Oh, hello.
You're just in time for another one of my breakfast tips.
And what have we here?
A brand new box of cereal.
And what's inside?
A prize.
Let's try a little experiment, shall we?
Hand out of that box?
How many times do I have to tell you
you can't open a new box
until you finish the last box?
Do you think that money grows on trees?
Do I have to talk to my real face?
Sounds familiar.
You know how lucky you are to even have cereal?
Wait, when I was your age, we ate wood and rocks.
Hey, stripes! I'm late for work.
Remember, keep your filthy mitts out of that cereal box.
So when you're faced with this problem, do what I do.
First, get a big bowl and pour all the cereal in.
Yes!
I can hardly wait to see what it is.
Joy!
It's a muddy mudskipper cereal bowl caddy.
Now, boys and girls, just pour the cereal back in the box.
Close the lid and it's as good as new.
Then you put it away and no one will ever know.
Join us again for more Stimpy's Breakfast Tips.
Bye for now.
It's the Muffin Babies on Mega 2 Monday. This Monday, us next.
It's some time in the future.
The ultimate challenge.
Crossfire!
You'll get caught up in the...
You'll get caught up in it.
Pizza!
Pizza, pizza!
The prize is for kids.
Now, little scissors.
Presenting the one and only fruit-bearing gummy bears.
It's amazing!
Made with the goodness of real fruit juice.
They're called amazing fruit.
It's such amazing fruit.
New amazing fruit is so fruity, you can hardly bear it.
Tropical flavors, too.
And now, back to snack.
Sneak! Sneak! How many times do I have to tell you?
Man, this is the life.
No one to fuss over me.
No one to tell me what to do.
Why, I haven't bathed in three weeks.
Hmm...
I wonder if there's any Chinese food left in the fridge.
That nipped mouse.
It's...
Stimpy's Bear Ball.
Memories.
I wonder what the old boy is doing right now.
Gritty Kitty commercial. Take three.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're here at your local supermarket
to demonstrate the absorbency of gritty kitty litter.
Clean up on aisle seven, please. Clean up on aisle seven.
Now, before we start the test, I'd like you to meet someone.
Excuse me, sir. Could you come here for a second?
Don't be shy, sir. It's just a television camera.
Tell me, Mr. Horse, are you a professional actor?
No, sir. I am a real horse.
Thank you. Would you mind stepping over to our isolation booth?
Not at all.
Now, ladies and gentlemen, of course we don't expect you to subject your kitty litter
to this kind of severe test, but we're out to prove a point.
Now, we have here two cat boxes, one filled with a popular name brand litter
and the other filled with gritty kitty.
Are you ready for the test, Mr. Horse?
Yes, sir, I am.
Well, Mr. Horse does his duty. Let me remind you that gritty kitty
also makes an excellent casserole for when those unexpected guests show up.
Ah, there's the bell.
Mr. Horse, are you ready?
Yes, I am.
Would you please take a sniff of cat box A?
And what are your feelings about that, Mr. Horse?
No, sir. I don't like it.
Now would you try box B?
Why? I don't believe it. I can't smell a thing.
Well, friends, there you have it.
If gritty kitty can do that for a horse,
think of what it can do for your home.
Wait till I tell the missus about this.
So make sure you use gritty kitty.
Just look for me on the label.
Good night, campy.
Yuck!
He's talking to pillows, kids.
That Stimpy, the famous Hollywood cat?
Oh, my gosh. He's looking at me.
Don't be silly. He's looking at me.
Ooh, what a hunk.
Look at that manly physique.
I'll watch some TV. It'll help me to relax.
Join us now for Marshall Stimpy.
Oh, boy.
Sergeant Stimpy of the Klondike.
Ask Dr. Stimpy.
Get your hand out of that picketing basket, you dusty old cat.
Can't see a line.
Oh, yeah.
Jane!
Stop this crazy thing.
Well, blow me down.
I'm hunting for a rabbit.
I hate missus!
Two pieces!
Hey, kid, you did all right.
You're a lousy bum.
Well, what's the matter?
Hey, kid, I don't get it.
You got it made.
You got $47 million.
You got my TV contract.
What more could you possibly want?
I want...
Who's the greatest mudskipper off of them all?
Buddy?
What did you do with all your money?
I gave it all away.
For...
For me?
For you.
Seven!
Duped!
Hey, boy, Stimpy.
We sure had fun today, didn't we?
So long, kids.
Come on, Stimpy. Say goodbye.
Where are we going?
The show's over. See you next time.
Next time? When's that?
Pretty soon. Don't worry.
Pretty soon?
How long is that?
In a little while, man.
A little while?
What'll we do, too, man?
Why, you could shampoo the rug,
eat your cream asparagus?
You could keep yourself busy with this.
Oh, sure.
Hey, goodbye, folks.
Yeah, goodbye, folks.
On the inverse card.
Postcard, send it in,
and you have the power to win.
Nick takes over your school.
Clarissa, Mark Summers, the Roundhouse Posse,
will come and take over your school.
You'll get $1,000 from Cheetos.
Plus, you and your classmates
will each get a set of easy, squeezy paints from Mattel,
a crisscross video,
and jump to a special school-wide crisscross concert.
For your chance to win, send in the postcard.
With your name addressed,
Nick takes over your school.
PO Box 4982, Orlando, Florida, 3-2-8-0-2.
The postcard.
And you could win
and make your school Nickelodeon's next target.
Nickelodeon, make my day.
Brought to you by Post-Brudy and Coco Pebble Cereals
and Cheetos Pause, the cheese-flavored snack.
Monkey loves are cute, cuddly monkeys
who show their love in the silliest ways.
I love you, silly monkey.
Monkey loves.
It's not included.
Magic Jules, won't you sparkle for me?
How did you do?
What?
Hehehehe.
She's bad.
Little Miss Magic Jules.com's with Magic 1 and 24 Jules.
Extra Jule Packs sold separately, new from Mattel.
Why drink chocolate milk?
Hey, come on.
A, you need it. It tastes great.
You need a snack.
B, it's a great snack.
A great snack.
C, it's smooth.
Chocolate milk is rich and smooth.
D, your friends like it a lot.
E, it's chocolate.
F, you love the taste.
G, do you really need a reason?
Chocolate milk.
What a tasty idea.
So we have ice cream.
I didn't dream it.
Mario Paint.
Draw and make music.
Nintendo Entertainment System.
I always tell scary stories at night.
I mean, if they're scary,
they should be just as scary during the day, right?
No way.
Things are always scarier at night.
Yeah, but why?
Because you can't see things at night.
Yeah, like some ghoul could sneak up on you in the dark
and you wouldn't know until it was too late.
Yeah.
So who's going tonight?
I have a man.
What's the matter?
You always tell the same kind of story.
It's kind of gross, but everyone always lives happily ever after.
Orange.
So what's your problem?
You're kind of gross and boring too.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Things are scarier at night.
Especially in my story.
You can be scared during the day,
but don't bother,
because the real terror never begins until night falls.
Submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society,
except for Eric,
I call this story
The Tale of the Nightly Neighbors.
What matter? Did I scare you?
Not too funny.
You sit in front of the TV all day
and you're going to turn into Dad.
Great.
If that happens, we'll send you to your room.
Forever.
You're a zero.
You'll always be a zero.
You won't catch me sitting around like some toad.
There's a ton going on in the world today
and I'm not going to miss any of it.
Hey, new neighbors moving in.
At night?
What's with the black clothes?
I think they're cool.
Maybe they're artists, foreign diplomats.
Or maybe they got dressed in the dark.
I don't know they look stupid.
Whoever they are, they don't fit this boring neighborhood.
Tell me that wasn't creepy.
I think I'm going to avoid our neighbors.
Need a hand?
I need a new back.
What's in the box?
Whatever it is, they got two of them.
You know these people?
No, they just moved in Friday night.
We're coming over to say hi.
What's their name?
Mr. and Mrs.
Look at this.
Rob, no Ukraine.
They're from the Ukraine.
Is that in your Disney World?
No dip. It's near Russia.
I knew that.
Must have wanted these refrigerators pretty bad
if they ordered them when they were still in Russia.
That's what they are? Refrigerators?
You just going to leave them?
Yep, that's what the order says.
Nobody home? Leave them in the driveway.
See you.
Come on.
They got to be home.
Why didn't they answer the door?
They're KGB agents who had to bolt when the Sylvie Union crumbled
or Gypsy searching for a new home.
Oh, get real.
I'm late.
Don't forget to tell your father about...
Oh, sorry. I'm late.
Bye.
Sorry, Mr. Mitchell.
Mom's in a rush. She's a little crazy.
It's okay.
I know the feeling.
You okay?
Oh, yeah. I just got a touch of something.
I'm as weak as a kitten.
Well...
Maya must go through.
Have you met the new neighbors yet?
Oh, yeah.
They stopped by my house the other night just to get acquainted.
That's the night I'll never forget.
Why? Were they strange or something?
No. It's the night I started getting sick.
I hope I can shake it off.
Emma started paying close attention to the bronze.
She watched them every chance she got.
And the more she watched, the more she realized
the new neighbors were just a little bit strange.
They didn't talk to anyone
and no one ever saw them during the day,
only at night.
Even their kid Lex was never seen during the day.
Um, Lex?
Um, it's kind of late.
Maybe some other time.
Emma started school.
No one had even heard of him.
And the strange disease that hit Mr. Mitchell
was spreading through the neighborhood like crazy.
People were losing their energy.
It was like an epidemic going around,
but no one knew what it was.
And it started the same night the bronze moved in.
Things seemed very strange indeed.
Emma had a great imagination.
But this was a little weird.
Even for her, then one night,
all the pieces of the puzzle came together.
Come on!
I can't go to school, Mom.
I'm sick.
What?
I know what's wrong with the bronze.
Me too. They have a crazy neighbor.
You.
Listen, why is it they're never out during the day?
And where are they from?
Here, Rovno, Ukraine.
That's right in the middle of all those E.L. places.
Bania, Bulgaria, Transylvania.
And what about those people?
They're all getting sick, weak and pale,
and they'll have band-aids on their necks.
There's only one explanation.
What?
Our neighbors are vampires.
Oh, I'm dreaming.
No, you're not. They're vampires, all right.
They gotta be.
There's no such thing as vampires.
Remember those big crates that got delivered?
I think I know it was in them.
Me too. Refrigerators.
No, I'll bet it was their coffins.
And I'm gonna check.
Tonight, I'm gonna wait till they leave
then get into their basement.
I find refrigerators and I'm a jerk
and you can bust on me all you want.
But if I'm right and I find coffins,
then our neighbors are vampires
and we are in big-time trouble.
While you're afraid of the dark,
we'll rise to sneak again after this.
Friend to man and beast,
our hero at the least.
Funny, done funny.
Sunday at 10, 9 central on Nickelodeon.
I draw a gray, I draw an I doodle.
Make copies you see.
Great copies I keep just for me.
Magic copier, let you change paper
from pink to yellow, white to
on the refrigerator
cause that's what my mom loves to do.
Magic copier and travel magic copier
each sold separately.
Batteries not included from Tyco.
The coffee sugar bearing golden crisp,
the golden tasting wand.
With a touch of golden honey
for a taste inside of gold.
Crispy crunch, we got a munch.
Makes that golden taste explode.
Can't get enough of that golden taste.
Can't get enough golden crisp.
So to make your morning golden,
get the flavor going fast.
It's golden crisp cereal,
the golden tasting blast.
Can't get enough of that golden taste.
Can't get enough golden crisp.
It's the golden tasting part
of this complete breakfast.
Hey kids, catch this.
Soft stuffed potato heads.
Soft stuffed, silly stuffed,
sticky stuffed, huggy stuffed.
It's hard to put down soft stuffed
potato head.
Soft stuffed potato head is so soft
and squishy, so many silly pieces
you can stick them anywhere.
And when you're finished playing,
you stick them under there.
Soft stuffed, silly stuffed,
sticky stuffed, huggy stuffed.
It's hard to put down soft stuffed
potato head.
Soft stuffed potato head comes with everything here.
And now to snack with,
are you afraid of the dark?
She's going into a vampire's basement
at night.
Adios, Emma.
But they might not be vampires.
Then why are all those people
getting sick?
Yeah, like blood was being sucked
from their necks.
I love it.
What happened?
Emma didn't know for sure
if they were vampires.
So she had to investigate.
And that night,
she did.
What are you doing?
Vampires don't like garlic.
Neither do I.
Maybe I'm a vampire.
We're safe as long as you remember one thing.
A vampire can't come into someone's home
unless it's been invited.
So never, ever invite the bronze inside.
Got it?
Yeah, I'll try and remember that.
Good.
You're not really going into the basement, are you?
What if he gets caught?
I won't.
Don't worry, look.
They leave the same time every night.
Probably in search of their next victim.
Molly, do we come in?
Uh, sure.
Come on in.
No, wait.
My dad's not home,
and maybe he should come back another time.
Bye.
Who's there today?
Nobody.
Wrong house.
Hello?
You're from next door.
Come in, come in.
I'm sorry, my husband isn't here.
He works late.
We know what that's like, huh?
We both work evenings.
It's been hard on poor legs.
He hasn't been well since we moved here.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
What is it you do for work?
We've been studying your emergency health care services,
paramedics, you call it.
We ride with ambulances to study different techniques
we can bring back to our country.
It's absolutely fascinating work,
although sometimes it'd be dumb.
Bloody.
It's a refrigerator.
Today's never gonna let me forget this.
Go to the refrigerator.
If I can crack him at school,
if I can crack him here.
You've been most gracious, Mrs. Toll,
but we only came to introduce ourselves,
and we must get legs home.
Well, I'm so glad we finally met.
Please, drop by any time.
No, I mean, don't leave yet.
You just got here.
I'm afraid Lex needs to rest.
But we can play video games.
It'll be great, right, Lex?
Maybe not.
It's getting late, De De.
Don't worry, De De.
Now that we've been invited,
I promise you we'll be back.
We're here.
Bronze is coming home.
Come on.
Wait.
I gotta see something.
No coffins?
No.
They've got these refrigerators locked.
I want to see why.
Why don't we put that top one there?
No, vampires.
You said so.
They knew they had bottles of blood.
They're vampires, all right.
And you invited them in.
Did not.
Mum did.
Doesn't matter.
I think they found their next victims.
Who?
Us?
They were invited in, remember?
We gotta tell somebody.
Mum and Dad.
Or the police.
They'll never believe us.
We're the only ones who know
and we're the only ones who can stop them.
Yeah, how?
Tomorrow after school.
Force Dark?
We gotta get them before they get us.
Here.
Put this on.
What's in it?
Wooden spikes.
We have to find the coffins
and drive the wooden spikes through their hearts.
Uh-uh.
This is too gross for me.
Here.
Wear this, just in case.
Forget it.
I'm not going.
Day-day.
If we don't stop them today,
they may come for us tonight.
I think I know where the coffins are.
There.
I think I'm gonna puke.
God, it's locked.
Don't worry, it's a cheap one.
I can open it.
Don't scare them.
Me too, but get a grip.
It's harder than I thought.
I got it.
You must be Day-day's sister, Emma.
I thought you worked at night.
They did.
But the schedule changed.
Thank goodness.
It's blood from the hospital.
They have a surplus,
and we've been storing the extra units here for them.
Day-day.
Lex is still not feeling very well.
We thought having a friend might help.
Would it be all right if he came over to your house
to play video games with you tonight?
Oh, yeah.
Sure.
Oh, wonderful.
Maybe we'll see you later, too.
Nice to meet you, Emma.
Ciao.
They work in a hospital.
That's why they're blood.
And how was I supposed to know that?
We better get them before they get us, Day-day.
Ooh, I'm so scared.
All right, I made a mistake.
I'm never gonna let you forget this.
Oh, give me a break.
You're a loser.
You're a big loser.
They were in you, weren't they?
I'm afraid so.
No matter.
Tonight's the night.
You'll feel better soon, master.
You've been invited in by new victims.
You are wise in coming to this country.
There is so much more fresh blood here.
And no one believes that the little boy can be a vampire.
With ghosts and ghouls, there are no rules.
But a vampire's bite only comes at night.
The end.
I declare this meeting of the Midnight Society closed.
Until next time, pleasant dreams, everyone.
You have snicked, we snicked, they will have snicked.
It is post-snick.
You can snick again next Saturday night on Nickelodeon.
Do, do, do, do you have it?
Nickelodeon guts.
See the extreme arena come tonight for the first time.
Every weekend at 6.35, 30 Central on Nickelodeon.
Hello.
Ooh, jealous, Max.
Oh, those sweet puffs of wheat.
I can almost taste them.
Yikes.
Oh, kitty.
Uh-oh.
Now for Kellogg's smacks.
Ooh, here comes kitty.
There goes kitty.
Kellogg's smacks might just blow you over.
Part of this complete breakfast.
My smacks.
I pick them.
Once upon a time a baby dinosaur was born.
Now all his prehistoric fun is sure as with talking baby dinosaur.
I'm the baby.
Baby dinosaur has six clever things to say.
Welcome, Mama.
And I'll collect the entire Sinclair family.
Oil.
Friends.
And a baby.
Robbie.
Charlene.
And a baby.
Yes, I'm the baby too.
Even big, big, rich, big.
Official talking baby and dinosaur figures sold separately.
Gotta love me.
It's amazing fruit.
Presenting the one and only fruit-bearing gummy bears.
Made with the goodness of real fruit juice,
they're called amazing fruit.
It's amazing fruit.
New amazing fruit is so fruity,
you can hardly bear it.
Tropical flavors too.